README.md, before:

# Beezwax's Backend Node Exercise

## Instructions

You are tasked with creating an API to access information about a global satellite transponder network. The network is constructed such that local satellites only communicate to a single parent satellite. Those parent satellites then communicate to their parents, and so on. There can be any number of levels of nesting and there may be multiple root top level satellites.

The transponder data is stored in a sqlite database available at `db/transponders.db`.

**Your tasks:**
1) Create a `/transponders` endpoint which returns a JSON array of all top level transponders. Each transponder should contain the following information: `id`, `name`, `children`. An example:

```json
{
  "transponders": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "a",
      "children": [{ "id": 2, "name": "b", "children": [] }]
    }
  ]
}
```

2) Add a `/count` endpoint that takes an optional `id` parameter. If `id` is not specified the endpoint should return the total number of nodes present in the system. If `id` is specified it should return the number of *immediate* children for the given transponder.

## Installation

```
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

Update README with setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Beezwax's Backend Node Exercise

## Setup
1. Create a new _private_ repo in your personal github account titled `bw-recruiting`
2. Run the following commands to clone and push this project to your newly created repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:beezwax/recruiting-widget-creator.git
cd recruiting-widget-creator
rm -rf .git
git init
git add .
git commit -m 'First commit'
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/bw-recruiting.git
git push origin -u main
```
3. Create a new branch which implements the feature request below.
4. Create a pull request in your repo showing your changes.
5. Assign the PR to the account listed in the email from us.  You'll need to invite that account to collaborate in the repo.

## Instructions

You are tasked with creating an API to access information about a global satellite transponder network. The network is constructed such that local satellites only communicate to a single parent satellite. Those parent satellites then communicate to their parents, and so on. There can be any number of levels of nesting and there may be multiple root top level satellites.

The transponder data is stored in a sqlite database available at `db/transponders.db`.

**Your tasks:**
1) Create a `/transponders` endpoint which returns a JSON array of all top level transponders. Each transponder should contain the following information: `id`, `name`, `children`. An example:

```json
{
  "transponders": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "a",
      "children": [{ "id": 2, "name": "b", "children": [] }]
    }
  ]
}
```

2) Add a `/count` endpoint that takes an optional `id` parameter. If `id` is not specified the endpoint should return the total number of nodes present in the system. If `id` is specified it should return the number of *immediate* children for the given transponder.

## Installation

```
npm install
npm start
```
